vDungeon/technologies.md, before:

---
title: Lorem Ipsum
permalink: VDungeon/technologies/
---

# Lorem Ipsum

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Aliquam ornare iaculis nisl, vitae feugiat dolor bibendum non. Morbi aliquet dapibus posuere. Proin in fringilla libero. Nulla vehicula odio eget fermentum condimentum. Donec mattis egestas diam, posuere convallis odio ornare sit amet. Quisque vitae orci et enim faucibus hendrerit. Suspendisse ligula erat, auctor eu pharetra in, suscipit a ex. Donec nec mauris felis. Maecenas cursus odio augue, ut elementum nunc faucibus a. Nam purus quam, sodales a odio in, tincidunt facilisis ipsum. Nullam ut turpis nibh. Aliquam ligula sem, posuere nec sem ac, elementum eleifend ipsum. Nam vel magna massa. Vestibulum vulputate eros id elit pellentesque porttitor. Fusce feugiat sem in quam porta efficitur. 
 
 sagittis posuere urna in pharetra. Maecenas eros nunc, luctus semper faucibus eleifend, pellentesque sed erat. Nullam eu dictum risus, ut mattis arcu. Aenean vestibulum pellentesque enim sed scelerisque. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Praesent rutrum massa sed tellus mollis, pulvinar consequat mauris vulputate. Donec elementum sollicitudin tortor, ac porttitor dolor semper vel. Suspendisse lorem justo, finibus ut laoreet id, iaculis nec nunc. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Nunc augue dui, auctor sit amet imperdiet sit amet, sagittis non magna. Morbi ac nibh ultrices, dictum nisi a, mollis dui. Etiam sed dictum tellus, vitae vehicula nisi. Vestibulum sit amet est eu sem blandit finibus sed sed nunc. Donec ullamcorper congue quam, vel tristique felis auctor id. 
 
 fermentum purus lacus, eget sodales lectus tincidunt ut. Donec eget molestie urna. Cras nec nibh ac sapien fringilla tristique vel et arcu. Curabitur sit amet laoreet augue. Duis diam ipsum, aliquam vitae felis nec, placerat consectetur diam. Proin lectus elit, convallis vitae nibh vitae, sollicitudin molestie ligula. Donec tristique, turpis in vestibulum gravida, mauris diam dapibus metus, in malesuada mauris eros vitae enim. Maecenas ultrices a quam non vestibulum. 
 
 porta tincidunt efficitur. Mauris condimentum vehicula ipsum, nec vestibulum odio accumsan nec. Integer at egestas ex. Aenean ornare sed massa vitae blandit. Maecenas ut urna id turpis molestie scelerisque. Aenean hendrerit ultrices varius. Donec sapien magna, vehicula quis ipsum vitae, congue varius justo. Etiam semper posuere enim et scelerisque. 
 
 eu augue rutrum ligula ornare cursus. Quisque et mattis quam, at bibendum tellus. Donec ultricies augue eu ipsum rutrum euismod. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Nullam vel mauris suscipit, auctor lorem eu, venenatis sapien. In quis ultricies orci, eu viverra elit. Aliquam erat volutpat. Nullam hendrerit ante vel porta malesuada. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Nam non scelerisque massa. Nunc scelerisque euismod libero. In condimentum id justo ac blandit. Ut eu consequat dui, quis tempor lorem. Donec volutpat tempus ligula vitae iaculis. Maecenas tincidunt hendrerit justo eget fringilla. Aliquam commodo quam libero, et pharetra massa tincidunt quis.

Commit message:

add raw content to project pages

vDungeon/technologies.md, after:

---
title: Technologies
permalink: VDungeon/technologies/
---

### Graphics and Technologies

(Guilherme) The board uses a simplified coordinate system with grid cells being represented by integer X and Y values, which can be converted to and from world space coordinates (X, Y, Z). Wall pieces follow a special rule, where the wall object is offset from the center of the cell in order to stick to the space between cells. Objects can also have their rotation defined by four possible directions (North, South, East, West).
Instead of using traditional colliders, board objects use simplified “logical colliders”: each grid cell can have any combination of five collision tags depending on the objects present on it: center, north, south, east, west. Two objects with the same collision tags cannot occupy the same cell.
When moving players around the board, a pathfinding algorithm can also check if there is an available path between the origin and the destination. The algorithm used is a simple breadth-first pathfinding. 

World models were created in Blender, with the textures being hand-painted in GIMP. Later on the project, normal maps were also created by sculpting ridges and scraping edges on a high-poly copy of the world models, using the textures as a guideline. The details from the hi-poly model can then be “baked” into a normal map for the low-poly model, retaining most of the detail without the performance issues of using extremely complex models.

![normals on wall](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/NQLqUjxrBfdXt2LkUbTrTNyOFIYgIAOZ1eZyaI5wVASlpPZXoh8UbKYHOtZtikFY_RHrupDBkuRYukQ3gbGZIPOLMHf7M0buQnwHP1aEOi1GvblpME0f46nGRvsV3JSKphmVuIG9)

Main Menu Scene, UI and Particle Effects
(Yuwen) For better management purposes, the whole project is separated into two scenes, the main menu scene and the game scene. The main menu scene is built from a combination of a free pixel-style asset Voxy Legends and our own world models, which is rendered in real-time with animated particle effects and baked global illumination with soft shadows to create a more realistic dungeon atmosphere.

![animated background](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/bPRr19agATNEqOvcJCfXVBbKRDlFkZRqMZXlMSEsLb3objrEx_V_I058nfH8XFfEi0_8pmm5qon1gVuml1iRENfGAzA7tQWvt9pSICZw8BFCEeQzeTKH5jIflxYjrzvhWcfbEsOQ)

To unify the pixel-style throughout the game, all UIs are pixel arts drawn using Photoshop or modified from assets [SimplePixelUI](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/gui/icons/simple-free-pixel-art-styled-ui-pack-165012?locale=zh-CN), with implemented animation to support smooth hovering/popping up/disappearing effects. The particle effects for fire are also based on a pixelated material, created through accumulating four separated particle systems which represent the outer flame, inner flame, glow, and the sparks separately.

![flame particles](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/kDTE9ud40yldTR9SIoh23axInUiaj_mwRhdJsUVvBYjENYfLCYchgdVVpNJOc7MiQpI5cwSra_G4C7yhHoEsRKY77GALc7uczQRlS0fvaWkQB6G6ELX_hNOl66hpSzWe086BMTVT)

From the main menu to the game scene, users' choice to be a master/player, and the IP address to connect need to be transferred together with the scene. To achieve this, Unity PlayerPrefs is used to store these data locally.
